<h1>to start the installation, use this command </h1><br>
<h4><b>curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Xelopteryx/Xelauncher/main/install.sh | bash -s -- --yes </b></h4>
<br><br>
Please note that this is primarily a personal project and i use it on a raspberry pi 5 4Go (i don't know if it works on other hardwares/OS). The code is entirely generated by AI, but that doesn't matter to me since it works and it's free. People who pay for AI-generated content are just cash cows.
<br><br>
<h1>What is the project's purpose?</h1>
<br>
Globaly, it allow your raspberry pi to be or a retro-console or a streaming service with a simple menu. Choose the red pill, and you'll be able to play crash bandicoot the 100th time, or choose the blue pill and sit in your sofa and relax watching your searies/movies.
<br>
Here, The red pill is Retropie and the blue one is Jellyfin (tailscale is added so you can connect to your distant server).
<br>
Maybe i'll add parsec in the menu, but everything have to work first.
<br><br>
(do the konami code to have acces to the settings in the menu.)
<br><br>
<h1>Why do I do this?</h1>
<br>
Because privacy is my top priority. I could, of course, buy an Amazon key for $50, but first of all, I’m broke, and second, they steal a lot of data from their customers. So, basically, I said no and launched this project with <b>me</b> as project lead, and Claude AI, ChatGPT, and Deepseek as my “assistants.” 
<br>
(PS: I don’t know how to debug, so if any of those three aren’t able to fix a bug or correct/add a feature, then it’ll stay that way.)
